Who's Hiring? - March 2023
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/11fijrn/whos_hiring_march_2023/
Animated diagrams with D2, a text-to-diagram language written in Go
https://d2lang.com/blog/animation
slogt bridges stdlib testing.T and slog
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12ajonr/slogt_bridges_stdlib_testingt_and_slog/
Debugging concurrency: Adding millisecond sleeps randomly?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12agjqq/debugging_concurrency_adding_millisecond_sleeps/
Postfix completions for methods like functions in VS Code
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12aheoy/postfix_completions_for_methods_like_functions_in/
Using DBStats To Test for Connection Leak in Golang
https://medium.com/@iamninad/preventing-db-connection-leak-in-golang-fcf620469aad
Go stdlib regexp package: A DFA experiment
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12aesly/go_stdlib_regexp_package_a_dfa_experiment/
`@ory/client` vs. `@ory/kratos-client` and others
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12aoheb/oryclient_vs_orykratosclient_and_others/
What would you rewrite in Golang?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12alic4/what_would_you_rewrite_in_golang/
Web Development em Go - Parte 08 - Template Functions (Language: PT-BR)
https://youtube.com/watch?v=fb-2YFqZ6Ug&amp;feature=share
io.MultiWriter only writes to first writer
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12a76uy/iomultiwriter_only_writes_to_first_writer/
ResultGroup: Go lib for concurrent tasks &amp; errors management
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129smfi/resultgroup_go_lib_for_concurrent_tasks_errors/
Web scraping with Go
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129n1g4/web_scraping_with_go/
Why methods types are different
https://go.dev/play/p/4mR3HtkfK-T
Go SMB Server?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129hizd/go_smb_server/
In-memory key value store
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129n6oh/inmemory_key_value_store/
Queue management service modeling
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129qxv0/queue_management_service_modeling/
Manipulating internet and wireless connections with different protocols
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129csya/manipulating_internet_and_wireless_connections/
Why does Go implement floats with a struct?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12ae1rf/why_does_go_implement_floats_with_a_struct/
Gin Error Handling
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12a0vo9/gin_error_handling/
Ebiten vs pixel (Golang)
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129sagu/ebiten_vs_pixel_golang/
The Smallest Go Binary (5KB)
https://totallygamerjet.hashnode.dev/the-smallest-go-binary-5kb
Handler vs Controller
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1294p5g/handler_vs_controller/
Looking for suggestions on the code architectures and patterns
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1298ibg/looking_for_suggestions_on_the_code_architectures/
Compared to PHP, what is missing from GoLang
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12a64zz/compared_to_php_what_is_missing_from_golang/
New language suggestion to old time Gopher
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128ymjz/new_language_suggestion_to_old_time_gopher/
